DM-51411: Change 'fits:tunit' to 'ivoa:unit' in DP1 schema (#359)
lsst/sdm_schemas: docs/changes/DM-51411.dr.md

> Changed 'fits:tunit' values to 'ivoa:unit' in DP0.1 schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed 'fits:tunit' values to 'ivoa:unit' in DP1 schema
```
